TODO and THOUGHTS:

1) When dispute goes to GearShare, display message (e.g. via view report) to both lender and borrower for that item on the Dashboard saying that:
"Dispute is currently being judged by GearShare Admin. You will receive a decision right here in maximum 1 week"
2) REAL LIFE EXPERIMENT: lend out an item to a friend by keeping security deposit, and see how the return works.
3) You should facilitate paying for the rent in advance + security deposit. That way, lenders are safe.
4) Borrowers should feel safe because GearShare's escrow system would guarantee return of their security deposit.
5) If Borrower wants to return in advance, the escrow system would refund them for the days not used. Make borrower feel safe,
by enabling them to see their money any time, and even get it back by returning the item.
6) REAL LIFE EXPERIMENT: BUY the scooters and lend them out via Facebook group. Your experience will guide you in building the app.
7) In a way GearShare is a safety/security-wrapper of a kind of 'trust-shield' around lenders' items. Lenders alone are
not safe to lend out their items. Borrowers' payment in advance to GearShare's escrow insures the lender. The fact that
it's escrow, also insures the borrower because if they don't want to use the gear, they can return it and be refunded.
8) It's the borrower's responsibility to inspect the gear before borrowing it. Hence, if they borrow but want to cancel lease
too early, they might have to pay small fine, as the lender could have lent it to someone else.
9) Store snapshot of item and lease details as a BLOB in the request record.
10) As well as GearShare, the lender must provide a policy document with each item on GearShare. This will enumerate all the
rules, warnings and damages that the borrower and lender are liable to, as well as the rent payment details structured out
(e.g., "Rental Fee: $50, Service Fee: $5, Total: $55").
11) Allow marketplace search by distance and price.
12) Enable datepicker via real availability calendar e.g. so lenders can show item is available for e.g. Fri, Sat, not Sun, not Mon, then again Tuesday, etc.
Borrower could see calendar dates marked green, red and gray, like airlines booking.
13) With ESCROW, collect borrower payment details as soon as they make request. This provides to lender that the borrower
is serious, the digital equivalent of showing up with cash in hand.
14) Platforms use Terms of Service (TOS) and Card Holds. When a user signs up, they agree that they are liable for the
full replacement value. The platform often places a "silent" authorization hold on their card for a higher amount, or
simply retains the legal right to charge the card for the remaining balance later.
15) Improve Authentication, and ItemForm (e.g. pictures and policy docs)
16) Think if the App is being helpful and intuitive
17) Improve form validation in ItemForm.
18) Use common duration calculation function